Add `int:range` function (#6578)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.5.0 /RELEASE_NOTE.md

### New features

> #### Add `int:range` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Introduction of the `int:range` lang library function
```

The `int:range` lang library function returns an iterable object, which iterates over a range of integers.

> `int:range(start, end, step)` will return an iterable S from `start` to `end`, where `end` is exclusive, with a difference between each member of `step`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function call `int:range(start, end, step)` will return an iterable object `S` that iterates over a range of integers from `start` (inclusive) to `end` (exclusive), with `step` being the difference successive integers.
```

> The function call `int:range(start, end, step)` will return an iterable object `S` that iterates over a range of integers from `start` (inclusive) to `end` (exclusive), with `step` being the difference successive integers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `int:range(start, end, step)` function call will return an `S` iterable object, which iterates over a range of integers from `start` (inclusive) to `end` (exclusive) with `step` being the difference successive integers.
```

Reviewer: Does 

```
an `S` iterable object
```

read right?

It's the name of the object. I'd rather use 

```
an iterable object `S` 
```

or

```
an iterable object (`S`) 
```

Author: I think `an iterable object (`S`) ` will be more clear, shall I change to that?

> The `int:range(start, end, step)` function call will return an `S` iterable object, which iterates over a range of integers from `start` (inclusive) to `end` (exclusive) with `step` being the difference successive integers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `int:range(start, end, step)` function call will return an iterable object (`S`), which iterates over a range of integers from `start` (inclusive) to `end` (exclusive) with `step` being the difference between successive integers.
```

> `start`, `end` and `step` are integer arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`start`, `end`, and `step` are integer arguments.
```

> - when `step` is greater than `0`, the members of `S` that are less than `end` are returned in increasing order

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When `step` is greater than `0`, the members of `S` that are less than `end` are returned in increasing order.
```

> When `step` is greater than 0, the members of S that are less than `end` are returned in increasing order.
> When `step` is less than 0, the members of S that are greater than `end` are returned in decreasing order.
> When `step` is 0, the function panics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when `step` is greater than `0`, the members of `S` that are less than `end` are returned in increasing order
- when `step` is less than `0`, the members of `S` that are greater than `end` are returned in decreasing order
- when `step` is `0`, the function panics.
```

> - when `step` is less than `0`, the members of `S` that are greater than `end` are returned in decreasing order

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When `step` is less than `0`, the members of `S` that are greater than `end` are returned in decreasing order.
```

> - when `step` is `0`, the function panics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When `step` is `0`, the function panics.
```

    
```ballerina

> // Using `int:range(0, 5, 2)` in the `foreach` statement results in the iteration over a range of integers from 0 to 5 (excluding) with a step of 2 between each integer (i.e., 0, 2, 4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Iterate over a range of integers from 0 (inclusive) to 5 (exclusive) with a step of 2 between each integer (i.e., 0, 2, 4).
```

foreach int i in int:range(0, 5, 2) {

>     	io:println(i)

Reviewer: Please make sure the code snippet is correct.

```suggestion
    io:println(i);
```

}

// A negative step can be used to get a descending set of integers (i.e., 5, 3, 1).
foreach int i in int:range(5, 0, -2) {

>     	io:println(i)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    io:println(i);
```
